I'm the first official vibe coding
engineer at Lovable.
>> You're at the top.1% elite level of vibe
coding. It's a dream job for [music] so
many people.
>> It became a job by building in public.
You don't need a company to hire you.
You can hire yourself as a professional
by coder first. [music] You've never
coded. You don't want to look at the
code.
>> Coding is going to be like calligraphy.
People like, "Oh my god, you wrote that
code. That's so amazing. It's going to
be so rare that it's going to become an
art." These ven diagrams of engineer
designer PM used to be very separate.
Now they're converging. [music]
AI regardless of your background is an
amplifier. If you don't know what you're
doing, you're just going to produce
garbage faster. [music]
>> Feels like an emerging core skill is
learning clarity in the ask of the AI.
>> I like to use the Aladdin and the genie
analogy. You rub the lamp, a genie comes
out. I'll grant [music] you three
wishes. The first wish is I want to be
taller. Genie makes me 13 ft tall
because I was not specific. Hey, I just
don't understand. What do you mean when
you say you know what I mean? So, you
need to be specific. [music] I'm
optimizing 100% of my time today on good
judgment, clarity, quality, taste.
Today, my guest is Lazar Yavanovich.
Lazar is a professional vibe coder. He
gets paid to vibe code all day and build
internal and external products. This
conversation is going to blow your mind
in so many ways. This is not only a
really interesting new career path for
people to consider. If you listen to
what Lazar shares, it's also a really
important glimpse into where things are
heading for tech roles. I found myself
thinking more deeply about the future of
product management and [music]
engineering and design during this chat
than I have in a long time. We also
spent a bunch of time on Lazar's best
advice as an [music] elite vibe coder
for getting the most out of AI tools.
He's got a bunch of really interesting
and useful frameworks I've not heard
anyone else share that will immediately
level up your success using all the
latest AI [music] tools. This
conversation is going to expand your
mind in so many ways. I cannot wait for
you to hear it. If you enjoy [music]
this podcast, don't forget to subscribe
and follow it in your favorite
podcasting app or YouTube. It helps
tremendously. [music] And if you become
an insider subscriber of my newsletter,
you get over 20 incredible products for
free for an entire year, including a
year free of lovable and replet, [music]
bold, gamma, nadan, linear, devon, post
talk, superhuman, descript, whisper
flow, perplexity, warp, granola, magic
patterns, ray, catch, chap, your de mo,
and stripe atlas. Head on over to
lennisnewsletter.com and click product
pass. With that, I bring you
Lazaranovich after a short word from our
sponsors. This episode is brought to you
by Stella, the customer research
platform built for the AI era. Here's
the truth about user research. It's
never been more important or more
painful. Teams want to understand why
customers do what they do. But
recruiting users, running interviews,
and analyzing insights [music] takes
weeks. By the time the results are in,
the moment to act has passed. Strea
changes that. It's the first platform
that uses AI to run and analyze in-depth
interviews automatically, bringing fast
and continuous user research to every
team. Strella's AI moderator asks real
follow-up questions, probing deeper when
answers are vague, and services patterns
across hundreds of conversations all in
a few hours, not weeks. Product design
and research teams at companies like
Amazon and Dualingo are already using
Stella for Figma prototype testing,
concept validation, and customer journey
research, getting insights overnight
instead of waiting for the next sprint.
If your team wants to understand
customers at the speed you ship
products, try Strella. Run your next
study at strea.io/lenny.
That's s str.io/lenny.
Today's episode is brought to you by
some sorrow. If you listen to this
podcast, you know that we spend a lot of
time talking about building things that
sit on a screen. Onboarding funnels,
mobile apps, and checkout flows. Some
SAR is building products for the
physical world. First responders racing
to emergencies, truck drivers carrying
critical supplies, construction workers
building [music] our cities and data
centers. These are people who put
everything on the line every single day.
And Samsara's technology protects them.
Samsara is solving complex problems at
the intersection of hardware, software,
and edge AI. And their AI doesn't just
detect events. It reasons about the
intent [music] and answers questions
like, did that truck driver break
abruptly because they were distracted?
[music] Or was that a heroic act? If you
want to ground LLMs in messy real world
telemetry or solve edge constraints at a
planetary scale, some Sara wants [music]
to talk to you. If you like playing with
enormous data sets, moving fast, and
working in small teams, come help build
the technology that makes the physical
world safer and more efficient. [music]
Visit samsara.com/lenny
to learn more. That's samsar.com/lenny.
Lazar, thank you so much for being here
and welcome to the podcast.
>> Thanks for having me, man.
>> Okay, so I had Elena Verna on the
podcast. She's head of growth of
lovable. She mentioned that she works
with a professional vibe coder. You I
had so many questions. I almost wanted
to like go on a tangent with her to try
to understand this role. Instead, I
asked you to come on the podcast. Uh
there's so much I want to talk about. I
want to talk about just this career path
and just how you got into it, how other
people might get into it, where you
think this is all going, this whole vibe
coding thing. Also, I want to get into
what you've learned about it being
successful using all these AI tools
because this is your job.
First, I want to just start with
understanding this actual job. Just like
what is it that you do day-to-day?
You're basically being paid a full-time
job to VIP code. Incredible. What are
you responsible for? What are you doing
dayto-day?
>> Well, as you said it, like it's the it's
a dream job, right? I get paid to do
what I would have done anyways, right?
It's the best job in the world. I get to
use tools like globable every day to
push projects to production whether for
internal or external use. Those could be
ranging anything from like different
templates on marketing side, sales side
or whatever or they can be as deep as
like building some internal tools with a
lot of integrations and connections and
whatnot. Right? So the surface area that
I cover is pretty wide across all
departments because it's such a flexible
role and it complements so many things,
right? It's it's an ideas role. A lot of
people have a lot of great ideas but
they don't know how to build them and or
they just don't have the bandwidth to
and that's where I step in today to make
sure that these ideas come to life fast
and with quality and security that they
should have in order to be available for
users in production.
>> And one thing that's really interesting
here is it's both internal and external
tools. A lot of companies have someone
building a bunch of internal tools using
AI. You ship stuff that's actually
public and and it's like sort of a
product level products.
>> Yeah, definitely. Like some of the stuff
that I've shipped that are public are
like when we launched our Shopify
integration, most of the if not all the
templates that users were remixing were
built by me, right? So stuff like that
or like the merch store cuz we wanted to
obviously prove the concept that hey,
lovable and Shopify just works. It's so
simple, anybody can do it. I vibe coded
our merch store. So all the merch
including this shirt that people were
buying online uh they would have bought
it from a store that was built by me.
But then on again on the internal side
we we want to track a lot of things like
one of the the cool things that we want
to uh build now for example is like
feature adoption matrix like if if we
build a feature how many people are
actually using it adopting it like and
that's a pretty custom build right we
have a very custom stack we're building
custom features there's nothing out
there that I could just pick off the
shelf and build or adopt faster than I
would have built it myself like at this
point I'm at a stage where like if it
takes me an hour or two hours to set up
like a big enterprise account somewhere.
I'm just going to build it myself
faster. So, you know, I'm I'm in that
position of like build versus buy. I I'm
I'm in the build boat uh so to speak.
Yeah.
>> And then who do you report to? Are you
kind of this rover that helps wherever
or you would with a specific team?
>> I I'd say probably closer to the former,
right? Uh I started in growth, right?
Elena brought me on uh early on and you
know to to cuz she has so many great
ideas and like she just needed somebody
with the right type of mind mindset and
velocity and ownership to just take them
away, build them up, get them into
production whether they're like based on
education or or anything go to market or
whatever. But then obviously the when
you're able to ship fast, everybody
needs that in an environment that we as
a company are now living in which is
where the fastest growing startup in
history. So every department needs a
Lazar now or yesterday. So now I'm like
shifting a little bit I guess into some
of the go to market roles and even
building some again internal tools for
enterprise team but I'll I'll I'm
working on some community tools as well
right now as we speak. So, I'm a little
bit all over the place, but I kind of
thrive in that environment where like
I'm given a rough concept, a rough idea,
and I'm just tasked to bring it to life
as soon as possible. Okay. I'm hoping
with this chat we create a lot more
Lazars, and I want to get to the career
path, how you got to this, and what it
takes to actually become a full-time VIP
coder. But I want to start with because
you do this full-time. You're you're at
the top.1% elite level of vibe coding.
You're doing this full-time. They hired
you to do this as a job. I'm so curious
what you've learned. What are some pro
tips that you've developed for being
successful with AI tools, Lovable? And
also just more broadly, what are maybe
two or three things you've learned that
that help you be really good at at this
job?
>> The first understanding that I had very
early on, even though I just in full
transparency before we begin, I don't I
don't have a technical background. I
never wrote a single line of code in my
life almost like I've I've, you know,
written a couple console logs manually
and that's about it, right? So like I
I'm very much lean on to AI assistance.
>> Let me actually follow that thread
because that's such a good point and
it's something that when we were
chatting earlier you pointed out your
feeling is it's actually an advantage to
not have a technical background when you
get into this space.
>> Yeah. Yes. I I honestly feel that it is
because people like me don't know that
they are not supposed to be building XYZ
and that's how we actually are able to
build it. Um let me give you an example
like six seven months ago somebody in
our community was like oh I wish lovable
can build Chrome extensions right and
then folks that are not technical were
like well why why is that not possible
right and then people that are technical
start explaining you oh well you know
it's a react it's different stack it's
this you and people like me including
myself would just go in to lovable and
like build me a chrome extension based
on this app and I was able to do that
with lovable there were people that were
able to build desktop applications on
lovable. Again, something that shouldn't
be possible. It simply is. Right. Our
community manager with me at one point
she was like building this presentation
deck for for something. She's like,
would it be cool if this was a video,
right? And then she just prompted her
way into building a generating an actual
video inside Lovable before that was
available. Now that's a feature. Now you
can prompt lovable to do it. But back in
the day when she did it, even I thought
it was impossible. I never tried it. So
I think that's the advantage that we
have over people that are technical. We
we just come into this completely
unbiased and very positively delusional
which I think you have to have when
working with AI tools. You have to come
with this delusion that absolutely
everything is possible until proven
wrong. And like that's just the the
pursuit that I have in my mind uh that
has helped me among other things that we
will chat today I think to excel in this
role that that I have at Labo. Two of
the I think concerns maybe traps people
that don't have a technical background
fall to in theory is one is if you get
blocked it's not obvious how to solve a
problem and two is just are you building
like uh this like teetering slop that
will collapse someday because you don't
know you know system architecture you
don't know if this is going to scale all
those sorts of things. So coming back to
what you've learned about how to be
successful and build successful
products, talk us through just things
you've done and things you've learned
for how to avoid those sort of things
and what you do when you get stuck is is
one example. I I'm happy that you
mentioned like those those limitations.
I have some other ones that I want to
bring in, but let's address this one
first which is the most important one
and that is you have to be self-aware,
right? I I didn't come into this. Yes, I
am delusional as I mentioned in the
sense that I I just don't want to accept
something's not possible, but I'm also
well aware that I need to be better in
order for it to become a reality for my
own point of view in my own sake. So I
understood very early that coding is not
the problem that we're solving for here.
That the problem we're solving for is
clarity, right? Like the output that AI
can do is much faster than human output
anyways. So like
very early on I started leveraging chat
mode and to this day I can say I spent
80% of my time in planning and chatting
and only 20% in executing the plan
actually right I'm optimizing for the
right kind of speed most people optimize
for the wrong one that's the first
lesson that I learned literally on day
two because I just I came into lovable
that was my first exposure to to to this
I've tested and and played around with
all the tools obviously but like whether
somebody's doing it in curs or cloud
code doesn't matter where you are the
problem remains the same you need to be
clear on what you want to do and you
need to know what you're doing cuz these
are still just tools yes AGI is coming
but it's not there yet so like until
it's here you're still steering the ship
in order for you to steer the ship you
kind of have to know the instructions
right and the best way to learn is by
building but treating these tools almost
as technical co-founders and educators
and learning while doing and religiously
reading the agent output, not the code
output. I don't care about the code.
Like the syntax is not of my interest.
It's what the agent tells me that
matters to me. I put a lot of trust in
in in LLM and AI these days. And I I
understand that there may be some people
that that are not as confident as I am.
I just feel that the models today are
good enough for me to trust in their
syntax output. However, I'm concerned
about the agent output and because of
the two limitations that I want to
tackle tackle on next, right? The first
one being that
the the there's a limitation when you
work with LLMs. So that's there's a
machine level limitation and there's a
human level limitation, right? The first
one is there's something that that is
known as the context memory window,
right? And for nontechnical people, I
like to use the Aladdin and the genie
analogy when I explain, right? It's very
simple. Everybody knows the story line.
You you rub the the lamp, a genie comes
out and tells you, "Okay, I'll grant you
three wishes. Not 3,000 wishes, not
three million, just three at a time."
Right? To me, when I translate that data
into working with AI, that simply means,
hey, I can only make so many requests
within a request at a time for AI to be
able to listen, understand what it needs
to do, scope it, do the research, read,
like take all the actions, all the
inputs and ingredients that it needs to
produce a high quality output. Right?
So, that's the first part, understanding
that there's a limit and it's
denominated in tokens. Maybe that's
going to be different a year from now,
but today there's a token limitation.
I'll take an arbitrary number of 100,000
tokens for example. So when you make a
request, a part of those tokens is AI
spends to read stuff, another to browse
the web, another to uh think and then
another to execute the code, right? Then
there comes the second limitation which
is you me and you humans which is let's
go back to the uh analogy of the genie
and the Aladdin. I asked the genie for
the first wish and the first wish is I
want to be taller. And guess what
happens? Genie makes me 13 feet tall.
All of a sudden I can't sit in the car.
I can't get into my house. I'm a I'm a
dysfunctional human being. Right. Right.
Because I was not specific. Right. Like
so the part that we need to optimize for
today it's going to get better but today
it's still not there yet is that a I
just don't understand. What do you mean
when you say you know what I mean? like
you do when I tell you that we as humans
we have I'm 36 so I have 36 years of
experience of human uh living as a human
to know what you mean but AI doesn't
have that right so you need to be
specific you need to provide references
you need to provide the right context so
what I've learned is how to combat that
part and I think you know because I
can't control the first part which is
the token memory window the quality of
the LLM models you are 100% control of
the ladder. And that's what I I want to
dive into today as well and just try to
teach people, okay, if I'm the malible
part, how do I how do I fix that part,
right? I think that's the the key lesson
here. This is so helpful and I love this
metaphor of the genie. The this piece
about clarity is such a thread I've been
noticing across people that have been
successful using AI tools and it feels
like an emerging core skill is learning
how to be learning clarity in the ask of
the AI. Do you have any advice or
anything you do there to help be better
at being clear with what you want? Yeah.
So, first of all, you need to be, as you
said yourself right now, you need to be
good at understanding what clarity means
and how to translate it. In my terms,
clarity means um understanding what
tasteful looks like, what's good enough
versus what's world class, what's
magical. And I developed that through
something that I heard from you. You you
mentioned before, which is exposure
time, right? Making sure that I'm
exposing myself to content and to people
and to relationships or whatever that
are going to help me to level up in that
domain. Again, it goes back to
self-awareness. Like I knew when even
before I joined Lovable, I was like,
okay, even before I started using
Lovable or any AI tools, first thing
that I knew was like I don't know how to
code, right? So my first thing was like,
"Oh, I can build. Wow, amazing." But a
week later, it was like, "Oh, I can
build, but I'm not fast enough." So I
optimized for speed. So I was like, "Oh,
I can build and I can build so fast."
And then two weeks later, I
my development cycle that I'm in began
and it's still ongoing, which is wait a
minute, should I have I even built this
in the first place? Because like at once
you figure out that we solved for the
how which is you AI assistant or rapid
engineering. Call it whatever you want.
You can call it vibe coding if you want
to. But like we solved for that. Now we
got to solve for everything else. And
everything else is what matters. Good
design, good taste, good user
experience. Like
when you think about who you're building
stuff for with these tools, you're
building it for humans. Humans are
emotional beings and we all make our
purchasing or any kind of decisions on
an emotional basis, right? So I I think
that the the core skill there to work on
and develop today isn't again coding.
Although I have nothing against
traditional engineering and and I'll and
I'll say later why I'm actually a big
fan of it of elite engineering. But like
people like me, people watching that are
like, should I start learning how to
code? If you haven't done it yet, I' i'd
honestly say no. Like you're you're
optimizing for the wrong skill set.
We won't be rewarded in the word of AI
for faster raw output. We will be
rewarded for better judgment. So I think
that better judgment comes with again to
go back to your question like how are
you solving for that? How are you
solving for this? Well, it starts with
exposure. So I'm deliberately exposing
myself to people and resources that I
need know I need to consume to level up.
And then a lot of it just comes from
building as well. you know, if we're
honest, like it's a muscle. Everything
is a muscle. You need to practice. You
need to see what's possible. And you
know, though, that's where some of the
techniques and mindset shifts that I
want to also use an opportunity today to
ingrain into people's minds later down
the call may be uh useful.
>> So, okay. So, what I'm hearing here is
uh because coding is now essentially a
solved problem. I love that you don't
look at the code. You don't even like
you've you've never coded. You don't
want to look at the code. you don't care
about what's happening there that
instead you're watching this agent
output I want to actually ask about that
but what I'm hearing here is the areas
you are investing in building in
yourself is at the front end clarity
around what it is and and I want to hear
how you actually do that what you do
there you have a really cool system
there and then there's like the taste
and judgment of knowing is this the
thing I want it feels like those are the
two sides now that are more and more
important and on the taste judgment side
you share this concept This is something
GM Marous uh shared on in our
conversation. This idea of exposure
time, exposure hours, being exposed to
great stuff. Here's a great user
experience. Here's a great onboarding
flow. Here's a great uh I don't know
website. So, I I really like that advice
because those act it's so actionable.
Okay. I just going to I'm going to spend
more time with stuff that's great to
inform my my taste and judgment. And
then on the clarity piece, uh I want
let's actually talk about that. What do
you what do you do there to be clearer
with lovable and other AI tools to help
it build the right thing?
>> This is the first mind mindset shift
that I want to put into people's minds.
Right? If you just have a vague idea,
let that be your first version of the
project. Open cursor lovable, whatever
it is that you're using, and just input
a brain dump prompt, right? Just talk
into it. Lovable specifically, I don't
know about the other tools, has a really
cool voice function. You click it, you
just dictate the hell of it, and just
press send. Right? Don't even wait for
it to finish. Open a new window again.
Lable.dev. In here, you're like, "Okay,
as I was brain dumping, I think I found
a good thread, right? I think things are
getting clearer. So, let me start
another project now with more clarity,
more deliverability. like I know which
features I want, which pages I want.
Maybe I can even find a good reference.
Maybe I can go on Maven, maybe I can go
on dribble, maybe I can go wherever, get
a good screenshot, get a good animation
and attach it because most of these
tools accept files as a part of the
input. So like you have the second
project started. Now things are even
more clear. Now you you you expose
yourself to quality and now you're like
well what if I what if I found a
template that actually is already out
there? Why reinventing the wheel? I'm
building a platform that somebody else
built. Why not expose AI to what quality
looks like? Right? So what I'll do is I
I'll go to and find a library 21st dev
or uh um or a build or like whatever
places which allow me not to export
screenshots but export code snippets
because guess what? Even though English
is the number one programming language,
Lovable and all other tools still
communicate in code the best. If you
want to get pixel perfect results, just
give them code. it will it will
interpret it better than your English or
Spanish or whatever language that you
use uh in these tools. So that's the
third way. You're like, "Okay, now I'm
even more deliberate. I'm not I'm not
even uh uh going as as wide as like
giving it vague concepts. I'm giving it
code snippets like I want this exact
design. I want this exact type of
functionality." So that's your third
project. And then by the time you do all
of these three, you're already at a
level of clarity that you wouldn't have
if you just sat with a an empty piece of
paper or maybe a maybe chatting just
with Chad GPT but not taking action. I
think taking action is so so cheap these
days and free by the way. Like all the
tools I mentioned have free plans. Like
most times you you would be able to do
this without spending any money at all
just by starting multiple projects
because guess what that doesn't also
cost anything either uh or doesn't incur
additional cost except for builder
credits. You're going to get three,
four, five, six different concepts that
you can compare. as you're comparing
them, clarity just keeps coming like and
things get better and better to
understand and you're also solving for
one big problem that you mentioned. you
used the term AI slop and I like it
because a lot of people when they say AI
slop they don't refer the uh beautifying
the code but beautifying the design
right this process that I just mentioned
actually gives you four or five
different design options and in the long
run save you massive amounts of credits
because a lot of people obsess over the
concept of oh when I give them this this
hack they're like oh but that doesn't
that cost more. I'm like, yes, upfront
it may cost a little bit more. In the
long run, if you really want to finish
this project, you're actually saving
hundreds of credits and maybe even
hundreds of dollars, not to mention the
amount of days simply because you
started from a point of better clarity
and better refinement process, right?
So, like that's the first step of
solving for clarity. There are more,
right? which is this the the the second
layer. But I assume you may have some
questions on this one.
>> Questions and also just wow this is so
such a great uh it shows you the power
of having someone come into this world
without an engineering background. This
advice of just build it five times in
parallel. You ask AI to try all kinds of
stuff like this is not how someone that
has been a software engineer or a PM or
designer would approach stuff. So your
advice here, which is so fun, is as
you're getting started with a project,
just run five different approaches at it
to start. One is just brain dump. Here's
what I'm thinking. Here's a general
idea. Like use whisper flow or use the
built-in uh mic. And then two is okay,
now I have a general idea. Let me try to
type it out. Like actually thinking
through the prompt. Three is let me find
a mock design somewhere online. And the
sites you suggested were Mobin and
Dribble. Those are the two that you go
to.
>> Yeah, most times. Yeah.
>> Okay. And then the fourth, and these are
all in parallel. It's great. Uh is find
like actual code template that looks
similar to the thing you want to build.
Download like the zip file basically and
put attach it or is it just HTML and
CSS? Is that kind of what
>> anything you got? Here you go. Okay. And
then cool. Here's the prompt here. Make
me what I want. And what I love is
there's two wins here. One is just it
helps you clarify the idea as you see
the tool build it like oh no that's not
what I mean let me try it again and then
two is you pointed out you can pick the
right direction so that you're not
locked into your first design and first
architecture to your point if you then
spend all this time trying to fine-tune
design and direction it's like all these
tokens are being lost you could have
just started over uh this this is so
great someone may think okay of course
you're just getting us to spend all
these lovable tokens This is what a
lovable person would tell me. But I what
I'm feeling is this is where you could
save the most money because if you get
it correct in the beginning, you save so
much work trying to get it back to where
you want it to go.
>> A million% that I'm actually saving
people. Like I'm I'm actually going
against what I should be saying. If I
was thinking about lovables, I would be
like, "No, no, just try to fix it in
perpetuity." But that's not
We're not in business of doing that.
We're in business of empowering anybody
to build anything that they they want.
And then you you know it's my personal
mission that resonates with me cuz if if
there wasn't lovable um I would have
never built anything potentially in my
life. And I don't I don't think that
that would have been a fun life to live.
So um you know I I guarantee people like
I've tested this framework with many
people and everybody is telling me the
same thing. Eye opener. So simple yet
unintuitive as you said. Even though for
me it kind of I don't know as you said I
attribute it to nontechnical background
to me that was the first thing that I
would do like I just did it. I never
thought about it like oh I'm developing
this amazing hack. It I was just like
I'm waiting all this time for these
agents to finish. I might as well start
another project and another one and
another one. And it's also a
productivity hack. Like that's when
people ask me like wow how do you ship
so many things? I'm like I never built
just one project at a time. I built five
or six. I have six lovable tabs and I
just switch between them. And that's the
next hack that I want to talk about if
you allow me, which is the the question
in return is the obvious one, which is
how do you context switching? Like you
talk about context so much yet you're
keep switching between apps. How do you
manage to do it and do it in a way
that's productive? You're and not
produce bad code or bad product. And
that's how I solve for that LLM problem.
again the Aladdin and the magic lamp and
all that which is if there's a limited
token window how do I make it dynamic
and what do I mean by that is this if
you just go and you prompt and you
prompt and you prompt and you prompt you
realize that no matter what tool you use
the memory just isn't infinite right by
the time you reach message number 10 15
20 30 40 snippets of early messages sort
of get lost in the translation Because
agent is optimizing for speed, right? If
it had to read the entire conversation
and the entire stream of requests that
you made, developing anything viable or
large would be impossible because it's
just like consuming a lot of time and a
lot of memory and a lot of tokens. So
again, something that I just figured out
very early on as I was building was
like, okay, if it can't remember things,
my job is to provide it with reference.
So let me treat lovable or any other
tool as an engineer that I'm supposed to
be providing perpetual context as the
project goes. And you can do that in
many ways, but the most efficient way
that I found was like I would do the
four parallel builds. Like let's
continue off of that example. Very
quickly after you you've built hundreds
of projects like I did, like you you you
see the winner. like the winner is so
obvious it's not even a competition.
You maybe do one or more two prompts to
calibrate it. And when you're like,
"Okay, the winner is here." At that
point, I either ask the tool that I'm
using or I'll maybe let's say go to Chad
GPT or whatever and ask the LLM to
produce a series of PRDs. What PRDs are
for again people that are not familiar
with the terms they're are project
requirements documents or for me I call
them like sources of truth right what
what needs to be true for this project
to be successful from a couple of
perspectives I usually build something
that I call a master plan it's basically
a compass saying here's what we're
building right it's like talking to a
human I really treat loable like a human
being so it's like this is what we're
building then I build an implementation
plan which is this is how we are going
build it in this is the sequence, right?
It's very important to me again going
back to quality, taste, human nature. I
need to define because I'm still working
with a system that is not emotionally
intelligent yet. I need to define how I
want the app to look and feel. So,
another PRD that I build is design
guidelines. And then finally something
that just circles it all around which is
like okay when we know how things look
and when we know how we're building it
how does the user journey look like
right a user registers and then what and
then when they register and do that
first step what's the second step and
what's the third step and whatnot so I
build at least four PRDs right
and then when these are built I read
them that's the planning chatting part
like that's where I'll spend a lot of
time now on when I nail down that first
design, I'll spend an entire day if I
need to just planning this part out like
documentation and breaking things down
because that's how I'm setting the
course. Like everything's going to be
dependent on on this particular part of
the process. When I'm done doing that, I
build one final document which I call
either plan MD or tasks.md and MD part
is um uh you know uh markdown.
Basically, I'm just using markdown
format because I've learned that AI
likes to read markdown. And what that
serves is it serves as a source of truth
on like actual tasks and subtasks that
it will need to execute to get to the
finish line, right? And then there's the
final final layer which is depending on
what tool you use, cloud code or or or
cursor have what's known as rules.md or
agent.md. What you're basically doing
with rules or agent files is you're
letting the agent know how you want it
to behave and what it should focus on in
the long run so that you don't have to
repeat yourself with every prompt.
Right? So in lovable there's a there's a
separate menu for that in your project
settings where you can define project uh
knowledge and usually what I'll say hey
read all the files before you do
anything like don't do anything before
you read all the prds read tasks.mmd to
see which task is next then execute on
that next next set of tasks and when
you're done tell me what you did and how
I should test it and that's where that
conversation about I religiously read
the agent output put comes into play.
I've told the a I gave the agent
everything, all the tools and resources
that it needs to succeed. I gave it the
rules. I gave it the docs. I told it
what to to do with them. And at that
point, I'm just sitting and reading. All
I don't prompt anymore. At from that
point on, I can switch as many windows
as I like. My prompts have become
proceed with the ne next task. I don't
need the context. I outsourced that and
delegated that to to the agent. The
agent need needs context and I need to
make sure that it's dynamic. I need to
make sure that I'm regularly updating
the documents from time to time so that
we shift that token window it uses and
how it uses it over time. But I'm not
prompting I'm not interrupting the flow.
Yes, I'll go in test maybe put a prompt
in here or there but that's how I can
build five projects simultaneously and
never lose the productivity part which
is again as I said I do this today
manually call me to talk 3 months from
now an agent will do this for me I'll be
out of job pretty much that's why I
don't optimize for this skill at all
like I'm using it today to bypass the
shortcomings of human nature and LLMs
But I'm optimizing 100% of my time today
on good judgment, clarity, quality,
taste, good copy, good fonts. Like
people don't talk about fonts at all
that that work with AI. They're like 60%
in my mind, maybe even more in how your
output's going to look. Like that's my
obsession. Like I don't obsess over
these things that I'm talking today
because I know what's coming. like the
agents are going to get better, the
models are going to get better. They're
not going to need me to extend the
context. They're going to do it
themselves. So, for me, the skill that I
optimize for is is the the one that that
like requires better decision- making
rather than better output or better uh
alignment.
>> Oh my god, there's so much here. This is
so awesome. Okay. So, essentially what
what's happening here is you start a
project, try a bunch of stuff, pick a
direction that feels most correct, and
once you have a set direction, you spend
essentially a day not building but
working with this AI agent to plan and
then and I want to talk about that and
once you have the plan, then it's and
it's amazing that you could do stuff
like this with what people may some
people may feel are not in sific
sophisticated tools that can build
incredibly powerful things like you can
do all a lot of this with tools like
lovable like have plans and rules and MD
files like you know a lot of people may
not think may not know that and so the
idea is okay spend all this time
planning because again that'll save you
a lot of time down the road and then
only once you have a plan you have you
get it going and a key part of this that
this three wishes rule is really
important the reason you're doing this
in in large part beyond just being
really clear about the plan is this idea
of one task at a time keeps the agents
context window uh small so that it
doesn't lose track of where it's at.
That part seems important, right? It's
like do this thing and then okay, cool.
Now do the next thing, right? It is.
Yes. Because again, if let's say you
didn't do this, let's let's hypo let's
talk about you ignoring this. You're
like, I just want to vibe my way. Okay,
great. No problem. You work, you work,
you work. At one point, something
breaks, right? You haven't documented
anything. There's not there's no
reference points. You report a problem.
You you're not referencing files or
architecture at all. You're just
describing the issue. Here's what's
going to happen. Any tool loadable or
cursor or clo whatever tool you you talk
about is going to do this. It's going to
be like, okay, let me start
investigating. And then your code base
gets bigger and bigger and bigger and
bigger and bigger. Like when you when
you first start, you have like 20 files.
It's it can read 20 files. But what what
happens when you have
I'm just building a project right now
that has like 60 70 edge function
functions, right? What happens then when
I say this broke and there's no
reference which edge function does what.
Guess what? Lovable is going to read all
of those and it's going to consume 80%
of the token allocation on reading to
get clarity, leaving only the final 20%
for thinking and executing. What I'm
guessing, and I can't prove this, an LLM
expert in the comments may say that I'm
wrong, but this is my best guess as a
non-educated person.
The f these tools are very obedient and
very agreeable. They're going to lie to
you. They're going to tell you that they
fixed the problem even though they
didn't. They're just going to try to
make you feel happy and say, "Yes, I
found what the problem is and I fixed
it." When a lot of times when they
don't, people blame the machine. And to
to an extent, I I will say that's true.
It's your fault, my friend. You did not
provide any clarity or context to this
tool. You just used its raw power and
dug a deeper hole with your spinning
your wheels into the into the mud,
right? And and you know obviously I
think we're heading into a world where
AI is more honest than obedient and
saying hey I only partially fixed this.
You know you did not give me enough of a
context. Right? The bigger mistake that
people make then is like they trust the
tool fixed it. They test, they see it,
didn't then they get mad at it, start
cursing and yelling as we say and then
it gets even worse because guess what
another bad trait of AI is it it does it
it's best not to hurt your feelings and
never say you're the dumb one. It says
no I'm the dumb one. So it focuses in
the next request instead of focusing on
reading it spends another 30% of tokens
trying to come up with an apology.
Right? Again, I'm not educated, but
that's if you ever read like a stream of
Chad GPT's thinking in thinking models,
you see exactly what I mean. Like when I
insult it, I see that the first message
is okay, the user is mad, so I need to
think of ways how to reduce their
anxiety or whatever. I'm like, oh man, I
I just fell for the the the worst drink
at the book. I I made it spend the most
scarce resource which is those tokens on
thinking how it should address my
anxiety versus focusing on the actual
problem. So my my advice for people is
like yes vibe your way for fun and vibe
your way while you're prototyping
because that's the exploration part. I
love that part. But when exploration is
done, please please please use
referencing documentation
uh uh use all the agent files that you
can because the that that token
allocation is so scarce like it's going
to get expanded over time. Things are
going to get cheaper faster but right
now it's still so valuable and precious.
You really need to make sure that they
are allocated in the right direction.
This is hilarious. I think the uh the
genie metaphor is so good here. Just
thinking about this genie is you're
trying to be clear about what it is you
want and if you're just like vibe, you
know, vibe wishing uh it'll do the wrong
thing. So the advice here is be as give
it as much context about what you want
it to do as possible. And these files
we'll talk about real uh right after
this, but uh the idea here is just like
laser show point the laser at where you
want it to fix the problem. Don't just
assume it'll go figure out because it
will and it'll try really hard to and
it'll waste all your tokens. It'll fill
the context window and I remember at one
point you mentioned before this
recording that because it starts to run
out of space in the in the context
window. It start it just like the
solution ends up it doesn't actually
work that hard on figuring it out in the
end because it spent all this energy on
reading and thinking and then it's like
okay here at the last second here's a
solution. I think it just picks the
first thing it thinks it's broken. That
just again this is me completely
uneducated coming in into the
conversation and just thinking out loud.
That's just my gut feeling and the way I
think logically about it which is hey if
it consumes most of its window and knows
that it's running out of it. Maybe it's
aware that it's running out maybe it
isn't. But either way I've had the
experience anecdotally to where like my
request is unclear. I feel it takes the
easiest fix in the book. Just the
easiest versus the other way around
where I'm like spending so much time
finding the right file, referencing that
file, like really putting in the effort
of handholding it in dark, maybe giving
it a flashlight, and then saying,
"Here's the problem. I think that this
is the problematic file." And then it's
like, "Oh, yeah, you're right. And now
I'm going to actually fix over and over
and over." And I've seen that because
again all I do is read the the output.
Agent makes me learn how to use it by so
people read I don't know what people
read but all I read is the output like I
don't read the code and it's later down
the road because like I I know that it
can do that much better than I can.
Again, I feel if there's a good quote
I've read, I can't I apologize to the
author because I can't attribute it off
the top of my head, but it's like the
ceiling on the AI isn't the model
intelligence. It's what the model sees
before it acts, right? So, that's the
ceiling right now. Like, what do what
are you exposing? We talk about exposure
time for humans. what are you exposing
your agent to as well is as important if
not even more important before it makes
code edits. Yeah.
>> Coming back to these files I think this
is really important. So let's think
about just like what's like the MVP for
someone that wants to do this better.
You listed all these kind of file these
MD files essentially that you're
building over the course of a day before
you start actually building the thing.
You had design guidelines the user
journey tasks uh agents MD rules MD. Say
you wanted to just like move one step
forward and be better at this stuff.
What are the what are the files you'd
create? And then what do they roughly
look like? What's inside these files?
>> Yeah. So the master plan is the first
one which is like it's it's a 10,000
foot overview, right? It it really high
level explains the intent that I have
with this app.
>> This is master plan MD. Is that what you
call it or?
>> Yes. Yeah. Master plan.MD. And it's like
it's really just like, hey, this is why
I'm doing this. This is who I'm doing it
for. this is how I want them to to you
feel and a lot of times in the master
plan I will reference the other PRDS
I'll be like the design needs to feel
modern and slick but for exact you know
parameters consult and read design
guidelines MD right so I'm using just
the master plan as like this highlevel
overview right to to get the agent into
oh okay yeah we are building XYZ right
um then there's the implementation plan
because, you know, there needs to be
some order.
If you just like dump stuff on top of
each other without any order, um you're
never going to get to the finish line.
>> And this is tasks.md. Is that what you
call this?
>> No, that that's the implementation plan.
I call it implementation plan. Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> And implementation plan is kind of uh in
service of the future tasks.md if that
all of these files are in service of
building tasks. Mmd. When you build
tasks.md then the rest is almost
irrelevant. It's just a basis for you to
build tasks to execute, right? The
implementation plan is kind of the first
layer which is again higher level
overview. It doesn't go into the depth
of like how to get there. It just goes
into the explaining of like oh well if
we're building this I think we should
start with the back end and we should
start with tables and then later
authentication and then after that we're
going to bring in the API and then after
that we're going to do this. It's like
again just think of it as saving a I'm
an ideas guy. I'm sitting with a
technical guy. It's me and you. We're
building our startup. You I know you're
a software engineer by background and
I'm telling you my idea, right? I'm
giving you the master plan. And you come
to me back and you're like, "Okay, if
you want to do this, it's doable. Here's
how I would order it." Like you have a
road map. You you're not you didn't open
your linear and started writing features
and and uh RFC's and whatever. You're
just high level talking about the the
order of things. And then me and you
again as two co-founders we talk and say
okay well if we agree on this like how
how should this look like how should
this feel right let's describe it high
level but now because I use AI I can go
a little bit deeper and that's where
like I I like to see um lovable or any
other tool chat GPT is good at it I even
have my I built like custom GPT so if
people want to start somewhere before
they even get into any tool uh they can
go to Chad GPT store and for GPTs and
just type lovable bass prom generator or
lovable prd generator and find those
that I built and just like brain dump in
them and then get these files as output.
Right? So I I I like to see some
elements of CSS in in design guidelines
because you know you with design is a
little bit it's a little bit tricky. AI
is sometimes over creative. So I that's
where I'm doing a little bit more
technical steering right. Um and then
finally it's just the user journeys just
like if we know how things look like if
we know how uh they feel if we know what
we're building high level like high
level just very high level again how do
people navigate what what are some of
the the features in there you know and
stuff like that and then tasks.mmd gets
into the nitty-gritty of like oh if you
want these user journeys and you want
the backend built first here's a set of
tasks that I need to do like it just
takes that as an input I'm just making
the tool
do the do the you know that gritty work
that humans used to spend so much time
on like I feel like with with these
tools we're all becoming product
managers on steroids you know like we're
just leveraging AI but like good product
managers I think are not compensated for
writing good PRDs they're compensated
again for good judgment right somebody
else can do the the writing you as a as
somebody who directs and builds this
product product, you need to know again
what what what's going to be useful,
what's going to be tasteful, what's
going to be something that actually
moves the needle. I will say one thing
though, just because I put so much
emphasis on like, oh, you need to
acquire taste, oh, you that doesn't mean
you shouldn't build. You get better at
this by building actually. So, everybody
listening to this should like literally
go and build something today. One, two,
three, four, five projects. test all of
these tools cuz that's how you get to
clarity not just by reading but also by
by doing as well. Here's a puzzle for
you. What do OpenAI, Cursor, Perplexity,
Verscell, Platt, and hundreds of other
winning companies have in common? The
answer is they're all powered by today's
sponsor, Work OS. If you're building
software for enterprises, you've
probably felt the pain of integrating
single signon, skim, arbback, audit
logs, and other features required by big
customers. Work OS turns those deal
blockers into drop-in APIs with a modern
developer platform built [music]
specifically for B2B SAS. Whether you're
a seedstage startup trying to land your
first enterprise customer or a unicorn
expanding globally, work OS is the
fastest path to becoming enterprise
ready and unlocking growth. They're
essentially Stripe for enterprise
features. Visit workos.com to get
started or just hit up their Slack
support where they have real engineers
in there who answer your questions super
fast. Work OS allows you to build like
the best with delightful APIs,
comprehensive docs, and a smooth
developer experience. Go to works.com to
make your app enterprise ready. Today,
I'm imagining people hearing this may
start to feel like this is so much work.
I just have to sit here and create all
these rules and figure out all these
little details. Like, in one sense, it
is. In another sense, this is like you
spend a few hours, maybe a day planning
and then you have AI build this thing
that would have taken somebody weeks,
months, right? Like the amount of
investment to achieve this thing is
absurd ROI. It also this shows you just
what professional vibe coding looks
like. You know, everyone imagines VIP
code. I'm just sitting here typing stuff
going do this. If you want to actually
build something really great that moves
the needle as you said that solves
people's real problems that lasts that
you know scales this is this is how you
do it if you really want to do this as a
as a real as a job and also if you want
to build things that are really great.
>> Yeah. And don't get me wrong like
there's there's obviously a ton of value
in prototyping like there are a lot of
people maybe watching this that are like
okay I want to use Lovable at work but I
I can't or whatever. You know there's
there's different reasons. There's maybe
you're in healthcare or finance or
there's something regulatory that just
prevents you from pushing to production
like building for the sake of
prototyping
is the one of the best use cases. We our
motto for 2025 was demo don't memo which
is like instead of writing all these
documents and talking and sitting on
meetings with your engineers trying to
get your vision as a marketer or a sales
guy in the office across go into lovable
and build the prototype in 30 minutes
and just hand it over like and I have a
real like job that I held before lovable
that's exactly what happened like this
time last year I needed something built
enterprise grade really and lovable and
myself were not there yet to build it at
that point but I have I had a team of
engineers that I worked with. I built
the prototype in four hours and they
actually were able to replicate it six
to seven months later into production
with with connecting all the pipes and
everything. But like if I had to
describe it, I would say it took me it
would take me at least a week or two
just to get the words out there. I just
sat and built it in four hours. And
that's like lovable January last year.
This lovable today, January 2026 is like
ages ages ahead with functionalities.
Like it's so much better. It's not even
a contest, right? So I think now we're
at our stage where like for instance
there's I'd say at least to best of my
knowledge at least half of S&P 500
companies have people working in them
that are using lovable to some extent
right and we have a lot of enterprise
companies that are actually on
enterprise plans with lovable that are
creating super meaningful projects like
uh I'm not going to name names but like
uh leading right share companies of the
world leading telecommunications
companies of the world leading leading
companies of the world in many many
aspects healthcare finance like are
actively with their teams using lovable
and it's always the same feedback which
is yes we may not be able to push to
prod but like our marketers are no
longer waiting for engineers our uh you
know people in go in go to market or or
sales or uh HR or whatever roles are now
just confidently building internal stuff
for us to manage our expenses
or manage employee on boarding or like
there's so many use cases like that
where like you're seeing lovable uh and
and other tools for that matter being
used to to push things into production.
>> Yeah.
>> To help people do this workflow that
you're describing with all these MD
files. Do you think you could share uh
after we record this just templates like
simple templates of what these files
look like for people just to look at and
copy? I would literally go to chat GPT
as I said and brain dump into it in my
just type lovable GPT uh lovable PRD
generator. You'll see my name there,
right? And and and that I'm the author.
Go in brain dump. It will ask you a
couple of questions to get clarity and
just produce four files for you and you
can just go ahead and and upload those.
>> Amazing. Cool. We'll link to that. So So
it's not it's not just here's a bunch of
files. Let's go talk to this thing.
It'll generate the right files for you
and then you plug that into Levelable or
other tools.
>> Yeah, it's trained on it's trained to
think like I do. So, yeah.
>> Oh, amazing. Okay, that is perfect. By
the way, I want to talk about like how
you unblocked yourself because there's a
whole other series of tips you have
there. But I just want to reflect um
it's so interesting how one you're kind
of from first principles
un learning how to build product as a PM
as an engineer as a designer and you're
kind of figuring out a workflow where AI
is helping fill in all the gaps that you
don't have for as an engineer as a PM
helping you craft PRDS and and design.
So I think that's so interesting just
this it's interesting that these
functions still work and are necessary.
Now it's you and AI help create all this
basically this triad that's always
existed product manager engineering and
design. And something I've always
thought is that there's this question of
which background will be most valuable
in this future. Is it a PM? Is it an
engineer? Is it a designer? My mind has
always been the PM function is like
their job is clarify figure out what to
build clarify what to build be really
clear about the requirements figure out
what success looks like it feels like
that's where the skill is most needed
there's also a design component of like
make this look awesome and it feels like
that's going to be an emerging
uh that the value of that being really
good at design and taste and judgment is
only going to go up Uh before we get to
things you've learned about unblock
yourself because a lot of times you know
things don't go in the right direction
there's a bug without being an engineer
what do you do before we get there is
there anything else you wanted to share
around just like tips for being
successful
>> if we measure success in the right terms
again um AI as you pointed out
regardless of your background is an
amplifier so you know if if you don't
know what you're doing you're just going
to produce garbage faster one thing
again I just want to double down on is
in the old world um good enough was good
enough, right? Because even producing
good enough was not easy, right? 10
years, 15 years ago, just producing was
more than plenty more than good enough.
You you built a SAS, who cares how it
looks like? It works. It it does stuff
like oh my god, I'm so much more
productive
today. Like if if good enough was here,
let's say let's let's visualize it for
people. Like if this was like pretty
pretty bad, could be better, mediocre,
good enough, world class. If this was
the gap between good enough and world
class, well, guess what? The gap is now
this because everybody produces good
enough with AI. Absolutely everyone does
it. So now learning and optimizing for
how do I produce worldclass and magic is
the the key lesson to take away today.
As you pointed out, I think PMs are the
winners of AI today because they bring
clarity. If I was a betting man, as they
say, I I'd bet that the next class that
wins are designers, because
we're training these tools to be more
clear, to be better, to make better
technical decisions. I don't think we
will train them just yet to be make
better emotional decisions. And I think
design is all about emotion. And that's
where like the level up, the skill up
needs to come. That's the biggest level
up. If you asked me like, "Oh, what is
the main thing you figured out when you
joined Lovable?" Like, "What's the
biggest personal upskill?" Let's like
like working with Felix, Nad, Abby,
all of the people that are designers
just really what moved and shifted the
needle for me. I'm like, "Oh, so this is
how world class looks like and this is
what it takes, right?" I I you always
use the analogy of like I I wanted to
steal one of their designs and bring it
into my lovable project. So, I went into
Figma and I was like, "Let me just take
this background like and just put it in
there." I went in and realized that what
could be uh uh, you know, interpreted as
a pretty simple or rather simple
gradient took 50 different layers to
produce. So, I clicked on that
component. I was like, "Oh my god, this
is not three colors. This is 50 colors."
and not just 50 colors, 50 colors with
different gradients of levels of
opacity. So I was like, "Oh, okay. Well,
that and that's the big disconnect that
I've had all along." So like um again,
if you if I'm answering your question
directly of like, okay, what are some of
the other tricks? What are some of the
other things? Design, guys. Just expose
yourself to exquisite designs. Follow
Felix from from Lovable. He has a an
amazing newsletter like oh and to teach
you how to and and learn how to prompt
for good design, learn about design
styles. I didn't know what Bow House
meant or glass morphism. Had no idea. So
like I built an app as well for that in
lovable. I was like I needed to build an
app to learn these styles. So now it's
public. Anybody can see it. It's like
some UI style.loable.app. I don't know
what it is. Like that has like 18
different styles and prompts to
replicate them. So like learn what good
design means. learn all the design
styles, learn how to prompt to get them
is probably uh what I would what I would
optimize for um at this stage. Yeah.
>> While we're on this topic, what's your
sense of just engineering as a function?
Do you feel like there will be a future
where software engineers are stilting?
Do you feel like that goes away based on
your experience?
>> It it never goes away. We will need
elite engineering more than ever. Like
cuz let me tell you this, in a world
where everybody builds and everybody's
building everything,
who's doing the maintenance, right?
Taining code bases, uh scaling code
bases, maintaining projects, um you
know, they're still going to be a thing
uh uh definitely and obviously AI is
going to be good at this, but again that
requires a different level of skills,
right? It's one skill to build
something. It's a completely different
set of skills to expand it, extend it,
and maintain it. And not to mention that
in a world where everybody's building
infrastructure suffers, right? Like we
all know and experience like Cloudflare
went down two or three times in the last
two or three months. The whole internet
goes down. Elite engineers are the ones
fixing this. Lovable experiences massive
amounts of influx of new users.
Infrastructure there suffers. Elite
engineers are the ones building the
infrastructure to hold the fort. Right?
So, like I think we're going to need a
lot of people with really good skills of
like, hey, who actually builds the world
that needs to support billions of
builders now because everybody's going
to want to learn how to build stuff like
how do we teach them? How do we maintain
everything that they need, the hostings,
the the security, the email, the
connectors, the APIs, the whatnotss,
like, so I think there's going to be
room for it. But I I'm also on the boat
of people like if I had an 18-year-old
brother and he asked me what should I
do, I would tell him, hey, go become a
plumber, you know, not don't don't go
and get a CS degree, you learn uh learn
a good trade, you know, cuz uh the new
generation of millionaires in the US are
actually electricians and plumbers and
whatnotss, right? So it's like uh you
know, it's a balancing act, I'd say. I
don't know. Like I I do still think that
good engineers with with good sense of
like um understanding where the future
is going are always going to be needed
and and scarce.
>> Such an interesting question. I think to
your point there's definitely going to
be people need to keep building the
machines that power all this stuff. Will
we need engineers to build actual
products the the application layer?
That's that's the question. Like is
everyone going to be like you? is ever
going to be or designers just going to
be all we need. Everybody's gonna become
an engineer and let's let's let's speak
to that end like I'm an I feel like I'm
a I'm a rapid engineer like I I I'll
refer to myself as as a rapid engineer
in in a year from now because vibe
coding is just coding in 12 months from
now and even today we spoke about this
before like how many elite elite
engineers are publicly admitting they're
no longer hand coding or manually coding
whatever you want to call
They AI writes all the code. I I use the
analogy here of like coding is going to
be like calligraphy. You writing code is
going to be the equivalent of like you
write you fine printing like on a on a
canvas and people oh my god you wrote
that code that's so amazing. It's going
to be so rare that it's going to become
an art right. It's not going to be it's
going to be commoditized completely like
it it already is in a sense.
Most elite vibe coders rely on AI.
Again, it's an amplifier, right? So, I
think um everybody becomes an engineer
in in the in the world of the future, a
designer, a PM, uh everybody is a a an a
forward deployed engineer or an AI
assistant engineer or an LLM engineer or
a vibe coder. The term is irrelevant.
We're all using LLMs for raw output
based on good judgment. or bad judgment.
>> Oh man. Essentially these ven diagrams
of engineer designer PM they're used to
be very separate. Now they're converging
and people with a specific with deeper
PM engineering design background are
going to like they can all do the same
thing. Essentially all the roles are
converging. What a what a time to be
alive and it's so hard to predict
exactly how this all goes but but it's
fun to pontificate. I want to get back
to when you get blocked. Speaking of
elite engineers, uh things there's like
in the in reality you're still writing
code using these tools. Sometimes code
goes things go wrong, bugs are
introduced, there's a weird database
thing, there's like some network issue.
What do you do when you get stuck? You
have kind of a workflow you go through
of unblocking yourself.
>> Yes, great question and absolutely true.
Like no matter how good of a plan you
have in place, you're going to run into
problems eventually. And I have like a
small little framework that I call 4x4.
Just again analogies, right? 4x4. If you
if you have it on your car, you're going
to get yourself out of the mud much
easier than than uh the other way
around. So um in that sense, four
different ways to debug.
Attempt one of each only once and I'll
explain why in the end. Um first one is
again every tool is different. I'll I'll
reference Lovable's workflow um which is
when something breaks Lovable's agent is
smart enough to say hey I made a mistake
it will label that message in orange and
uh have this little button usually which
is uh called try to fix. So you agent
basically admits it made a mistake you
click on a button and most times when
it's a smaller issue it corrects the
course fixes it no problem right now
there are situations obviously when the
problem is a little bit deeper than that
right you click to try to fix but the
the problem persists and sometimes even
the problem persists but Lovable's
agent's unaware that it persisted so
there's no more try to fix buttonable
thinks everything's is working but in
reality it isn't and the the culprit
there is usually you're using a third
party integration you did not give
enough context to lovable where what to
observe and what to see so it can't see
that the problem exists because lovable
cursor cloud code you name it all these
tools are good enough today to fix any
problem they're aware of again awareness
is the key here right so when they're
unaware of it there comes the second
part which is okay I need to bring the
awareness layer and what I do there is I
go and very simply open the preview
sandbox dev environment of my app
whatever try to run the the the function
that's broken rightclick read the
console log right every every browser
allows you to just go and read the
console log and a lot of times it will
record stuff if it doesn't you can
prompt any tool and say hey I don't
think you're seeing the problem so
instead of me yelling at you let's find
it together
I think it's a problem with XYZ. I want
you to write console logs in relevant
files so that we can monitor every step
along the way. Let's just bring
awareness layer into the equation. It
writes the console logs. You rerun it.
Guess what? Now you have a full history
of everything that was happening. You
copy that. You paste it inside your
chat. 99% of the time that's enough.
that's that's already enough AI is like
okay got it found it fixed it right but
then there are situations when even
that's not sufficient so you're like
okay I need to go even deeper and that's
where like code reviews and evaluations
come into play my go-to tool today for
that is codeex openai right what I do is
like any any build that I do I will
export it to GitHub like loable allows
you to own your code cursor as well all
of these tools allow you to have have a
copy of the code that you can export to
GitHub and then import it into wherever
you want to. So I I you know use codeex
since beta like I import it in there and
then I'm using an external tool. So I'm
I'm like in the first try as if you
remember like I used the tool and I was
like total vibes I'm I'm relying on the
tool right in the second try I use
myself as the awareness uh uh a
facilitator in the third one I'm using
an external tool as a facilitator which
is like I'll either connect to codeex
and chat with codeex to then fix the
problem in lovable right I don't allow
codeex to make code changes for me a lot
of people will say why don't you like
it's a good good model I just don't know
its agent well enough like I don't want
to go and and and use a tool that I
don't know how to steer so I use it only
for diagnostic purposes and I'll also do
it manually it's an old uh workflow that
I had before codeex and before cloud
code which is there's a tool called repo
mix which allows you to like compress
every your entire codebase into a single
file you download it and then I upload
it claude just regular claude or chat
GPT and I'm like this is what I'm
building read it and and this is the
problem that I have these are the
console logs again it's almost like
having an external consultant at that
point like you're hiring help elsewhere
cuz your team just can't handle it
>> right
>> and then the fourth one is is usually
the best one because of the time when
there are problems it's my fault like no
matter how your ego is big guys that
you're watching this it's your fault
trust me you had a bad prompt you you
premised your request in the wrong way.
You just don't want to admit it or you
can't remember that you did but it's
your fault. So again, illovable and the
all these other tools you can revert
back. There's version control built into
lovable cursor cloud code. You go and
say, "Okay, I tried these three things.
I'm just going to take three steps back
and I'm going to think about my prompt a
little bit more. Take a couple breaths,
go for a walk, have some coffee, come
back with a clear mind, and try again."
Because guess what? AI is just writing
code very fast and sometimes it stumbles
on a very small rock and it only happens
then and never again. So you just got to
make the same request again and usually
that just fixes the problem. It's just a
snag. It's a syntax error. It's it's
something minute, right? And then I do
the final thing which is this. And this
is the key one actually. When the
problem gets fixed, I go into the chat
mode and I and I ask Lola. I say, "Okay,
I needed to do four different things to
fix this. How can you help me learn how
to prompt you better so that next time I
have a problem, we do it in one go?"
99% of the time I get such a great
answer that I don't have the problem of
not knowing what to do next time, right?
Like again, you need we all need to be
aware and realistic. These tools are so
good at at doing things the right way if
they are used the right way. It's always
our fault. It's aund I say 90% but
honestly it's 100% our fault. Right?
Because they're good enough. It's just
that I'm not dynamically shifting token
allocation. I didn't reference the right
file. I didn't say it the right way. For
me, as a non-designer, I don't know any
of the terminology. Like none of the
headings and whatnotss, and I still
don't know it to this day. So, when I'm
I'm I struggle with prompts a lot of
times, I use chat mode to help me craft
a good prompt. I mean, anybody can do
this, too. If you are just stuck, it's
10 p.m. and you don't know what to ask,
switch to chat mode, brain dump, and be
like, "Help me draft a better prompt.
Help me prompt you better." and let the
tool effectively prompt itself. A lot of
times you're going to solve your
problems by not introducing them at all
with with bad inputs. So,
>> oh my god, everything you share so
interesting. [laughter] I just want to I
want to keep digging. So, just to
reflect back the the sequence and then I
want to follow up with another question.
The sequence you go through when you get
stuck,
which is gonna happen to everyone. One
is just ask the tool to try to fix it.
And often times it's telling [snorts]
you something is wrong. Can I fix it for
you? And you're like, please fix.
Sometimes that'll work. Two is work on
adding more debugging messages to the
console log. And this advice I love of
just ask it to add more debugging lines
to its own console log to help see
what's going on. And then you can ask it
okay now that you're looking watch look
at all the output of your console log
see if you can help find the problem
and then step three is go to codeex
which is which is so funny and and I
hear this a lot that Codex is like the
the most elite engineer as an AI
Karpathy tweeted this once that and we
had the head of Codex on the podcast too
by the way uh that he's like anytime I
have the most gnarly bug I just go to
Codex let it run for half an power and
it solves it unlike any other tool out
there. And so it makes sense that that's
where you go. So the idea here is you
point Codeex to your code. You show it
all the console output logs, tell it
what the problem is and just have it go
figure it out. Sweet. And then this
final step is so great and this is where
I want to go. They what you use this as
a learning opportunity so that next time
you solve the problem more quickly or
avoid it completely. So what you do
there is you ask the agent, okay, here's
what happened. What can I do? What could
I have said? How could I have prompted
you better to have gotten this
immediately solved?
>> Yeah. And then even more even deeper
than that is like once you go through
this conversation, you're like, "Okay,
let me eliminate myself again completely
out of the equation cuz I won't remember
to prompt you better two days from now."
Put this into rules. put this what we
just learned into rules.mmd because I
I'm making you read the rules every time
anyways. So you might as well just
record it there. So I'm not going to
prompt you better. You're just going to
learn that I'm stupid and you're going
to prompt yourself better, right? Again,
just eliminate yourself and and move the
context. You solve 99% of the problems
with AI today.
>> So idea here is uh help it build its own
brain and and rules and way of thinking
based on problems you run into. So
great. Okay. So, so I want to come back
to this point you've made a couple times
which is so interesting. This idea that
you watch the output of the agent to
learn what is going on. This something
I've seen other people Ben Tossel who I
think is a factory now shared this
recently. He's also basically vip coding
all the time. He was brilliant into no
code tools before and now he's all about
coding and he shared basically like he's
learning how things how coding works and
learning how systems work by watching
the agent output. And this connects to
something Michael Terrell shared the CEO
of cursor when he was on the podcast. He
had this vision of cursor becoming
basically what comes after code. What's
the layer that we are adding on top of
code where people don't need to worry
about code anymore. And at that point it
was like a year ago that we chatted and
it feels like this is the layer is the
agent conversation of what it is what
it's thinking and then what you tell it
back. So essentially it's English in a
conversation which is like it's not even
pseudo code. It's interesting that
that's where feel feels like things are
heading. The layer over code is just
it's thinking and your conversation with
it. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. I mean um again
in in a way I really optimize for for
good judgment and part of good judgment
is comes from again learning how these
tools work. Uh you need to know what's
possible. We talked about it and I I
know I may s sound contradictory
sometimes, right? But it's because as
you said, it's so interesting the world
we live in that things contradict to
each other. It's an advantage not to
know what's possible, but then at the
same time, you cannot be completely uh
oblivious to uh something that's like a
a factual thing. So, let me talk about a
failure of mine that came from being
delusional. um back in the day when
OpenAI um uh started uh uh or better say
released image generation natively in
the app, right? So you could go to Chad
GPT and be like gen generate an image of
XYZ. The whole world exploded like that
was like the biggest thing ever.
Obviously first thing that comes to my
mind is like I want to build a lovable
app. I just want to build a wrapper and
I want to build an image gen with
Lullabable without thinking that OpenAI
did not release an API for that just
yet. So I spent at least a week trying
to brute my force brute force my way
into making this work instead of just
waiting for another week because a week
later they had an API and I built this
app in 30 seconds. The problem was that
like I tried to do it when it was
impossible impossible like so um I think
again you know uh uh it's just a matter
of really
learning what's possible through
communicating with the agent layer and
lovable and all the other tools are
agentic now which means like they don't
just write code they can browse the web
they can read files they they have
reasoning and thinking capabilities so
that's why I'm so invested into that
conversation because a lot of times it
will tell me, hey, what you're trying to
do is just undoable at the moment
because of XYZ. So like I always use
those uh uh as a learning opportunity
and I just level up most by being in
chat mode for planning and learning
purposes and and because it just again
develops your clarity, your judgment
capabilities uh rather than coding
capabilities. Yeah. The other point you
made here uh that I think is really
important is that over time these tools
will do more and more of what you do
manually. I've heard this from other
people that are doing this full-time.
Basically, VIP coding is just they had
all these workflows, all these files and
then cursor adds them. Loveable adds
them and
>> it's like sad. Oh shoot, I had this cool
workflow now. But on the other hand,
it's like okay, now it's just doing all
these second.
>> A year ago, a year ago, if we had an
interview, your mind would be blown.
stuff that I had to do as workarounds to
for to to to address shortcomings. Like
I built a very successful course on that
with starter story like for a year
people were like just oh my god you're
the only guy in the world that knows
this secret. Now lovable natively
addresses 99% of it. I can almost say
most of the stuff that I I was teaching
people or like I have a YouTube channel
a little bit appreciate but like there's
a there's a like a 7day learn how to
vibe code with lovable series that I did
in March completely obsolete like it
none of it is true none of it is a
problem anymore all the things that I
was like oh well this is missing and
that is missing it's not missing anymore
it's natively in the product like you
don't have to work your way around it it
just works right So um that's why as I
say like um
it's the it's the horses analogy. I
don't know if you heard of it like a lot
of people are tweeting about it which is
like we started building the steam
machine in 1700s right took us about 200
years to build it when it got to when
when engines got built and put cars were
put on the roads I I think that 90% of
horse population was got eradicated in
the US within 20 years. The person that
tweeted this works at clogged code,
right? So he was like, "Now when I
translated into AI, I was hired to do a
job, technical job, technical writer,
whatever.
I became obsolete six months later."
Like humans did not get the 20 years
that horses did. The guy that that is
was hired to do a thing is like six
months later, I need to reinvent my my
role. I need to evolve it into into
something else, right? So, you know, I I
think there's just an evolution that's
coming really really fast. But like a
lot of people are scared when I'm just
super excited cuz don't you see our
roles are finally going in a direction
where we're outsourcing what we hated
doing anyways, right? Sitting in
meetings, taking notes, doing
spreadsheets. Like nobody may maybe
there are people that like that but like
most people don't. We're just getting
into a place where we're rewarded for
what really matters like clarity,
judgment, thinking. We're actually going
to be paid to think longer and ponder
longer because
the longer idea simmers and gets broken
down the better because building it is
going to be an instant, right? It's
going to be like this. It's just a
matter of you having so much clarity
around it because guess what? If a tool
is super powerful and you give it a
wrong input, the output's going to suck
as well. That's why like I never become
good enough at cloud code, I feel cuz I
don't start my projects with enough
clarity and the tool is so powerful that
like I just misdirected completely from
the get-go and I was like, "Oh, shoot.
This is not what I wanted to do." So
that's why I I still see myself being
good at like using tools that are uh uh
a little bit on the exploratory
prototyping path um uh more than like on
the path that you know elite engineers
will use for example.
>> I love your optimism and excitement
about this stuff. I think for a lot of
people say their current software
engineers, PMs, designers, there's a lot
of fear about the future of their
careers. are they going to be relevant?
Will I will my software engineering
skills disappear? So to follow the
thread a little bit, if you were to give
someone advice on which skills you think
will be most valuable slash where AI
will take on more and more this kind of
momentum you're seeing of where AI is
filling in more and more gaps. What
would your advice be of what you think
people should focus on? What will
continue to be valuable in the future?
Yeah, emotional intelligence for sure.
Just understanding human nature, real
life stuff. I think we're all going to
get so tired of everything fake, fake
images, fake posts, fake profiles, fake
this, fake that, fake videos. Everything
is becoming fake and AI generated. I
think humans just craving humans
naturally are going to want to do live
stuff more. So anything human to human
is going to be a big thing to scale up
on understand the dynamics. anything
regarding math. If it's a math problem,
I think Peter Steel said it recently
like people that just do math stuff, you
know, AI is gonna come for you. Like
anything that's very deterministic,
meaning X input equals Y output and it's
pretty clear the the line is pretty
clear. AI AI is got got eaten for lunch,
right? But if you understand how X to Y
goes in human dynamic, human
relationship layer, I think that's where
things are going to become good. So if
we translate it again to a specific
skill, I'll say it again. Good design,
really good design, great design. Like
how how and when I say design, that's
images, fonts as well, copy, copy is a
big one. Like we all now we're we're
like two years into AI. I'll bet you me
and you, if people put 10 pieces of copy
in front of us, we could tell what's AI
and what isn't in like 3 seconds. And
we're only a couple years in. So like
really good copywriting is going to be a
very good skill to have because people
are just going to know after three words
or three sentences that it's AI written.
And even I don't read AI output anymore.
I I don't like to seeing it. I want raw
that raw human experience. So, I think
human skills I I don't even know how to
describe it because I don't I don't
think we're doing an awesome job uh
putting labels onto what humans are good
at natively. But I think we will I think
we will describe job descriptions
better. Um we we will have like uh uh
human first engineers, I don't know, or
human designers or I don't know how to
describe those roles. Same way how
Karpathy coined vibe coding. I was vibe
coded before he didn't. I didn't know
how to call it. Like I started vibe
coding in July of 2024 and I think he he
coined it sometime in early 2025. So I
was like doing it for seven months and I
was teaching people how to do it for
about three or four with courses and I
didn't even know how to call it like
because there was no name. It was like
oh I'm just using AI to to to do this
for me. I'm I don't know whatever. So
yeah, I think we're going to reinvent
some of the the terms, rules, and
whatnot, but uh stuff that's like human
to human is here to stay. Stuff that's
like I think like, oh, you're you're
just doing you're you're you're a middle
manager, you're a middleware person
that's just translating stuff. Um, and I
can use that analogy again. Translators
are going to die. People writing jokes,
comedians are not. AI is never going to
be able to write a good joke. Never,
never, never. just doesn't have that
layer that just doesn't understand
what's funny. Like if you ever try to
use AI to write jokes, like they're
awful. They're always going to be awful.
But if you use AI to translate things
from one language to another, it's very
good at it. Like AI is going to replace
translators. It's going to replace most
journalists because it does good
research. It can write good copy,
whatever. Not not elite journalism. It's
not going to be able to replace all the
writers. It's going to amplify great
writers that can train AI on how to
write books. So like somebody who's a
amazing writer is going to all of a
sudden write seven books a year instead
of one, right? So that's that's
dangerous. If you're an average writer,
be careful.
There's zero comedians being placed.
Zero. And that's just my personal
belief. Like AI is never going to write
good comedy. It's impossible. And like
so try to find your analogy in your
industry. Like I just gave you one for
uh writing skills, so to speak. So
writing jokes, super good skill to have.
Um translating, I'm sorry to say, but
like you're not going to have a job for
much longer. Like uh you better find
something else to do. Um but yeah,
that's that's how I look at it.
>> The the comedy piece is interesting. I
had one of the founders of the data
labeling company, I don't know if it was
Merkore or maybe Serge, and he said that
um I think it was Anthropic hired a
bunch of national lampoon comedy writers
uh to help them train models. And so
they're working on it. I'm so I I love
this strong prediction you made. I'm so
curious in a year to look back and be
like, he was completely right or no,
they got that one, too.
>> I'll be wrong on 95% of the things I
said today, 3 months from now. That is
the only thing I can say very very
confidently. Yeah,
>> that seems right. Okay. So, speaking of
career, so one interesting career option
is to do what you're doing. As you said,
this is a dream job for you. It's a
dream job for so many people. What what
is the kind of your path to this job?
And what do you think it takes for
someone to actually do this as a
profession?
>> Well, my personal path and personal
journey was anything but linear. Like I
I've done so many things in in life like
um blue collar jobs looked at even at
subway while I was studying and stuff
like that like um I'm I'm an engineer by
trade but not a software engineer. I'm a
forestry engineer so no coding but still
engineering is engineering I feel you
still develop certain set of skills
doing that uh I waited tables a long
time so you develop some human skills
you understand what people like what
they don't like right I've again blue
collar jobs like teach you hard work and
like it's as I said the path was not
linear but I feel almost like a slum dog
millionaire the movie storyline which is
like everything that happens to the
character brings them into a position to
be able to answer the qu the questions
in the in the quiz better. I have I feel
the same way of like I've done a lot of
stuff last seven to eight years
obviously spent in startups but doing
everything but code writing like started
in like community management, social
media again distribution matters a lot.
That's something we haven't touched upon
at all. Like in a world when everybody's
building and there's roughly the same
amount of consumers in the world, how do
you get in front of the the eyeballs,
right? and get attention which is going
to it is this most scarce resource and
it will be even more scarce but like
going back to the vibe coder role if
somebody's like saying okay well I have
I have a pretty diverse background too
and I'm vibe coding and like how do I
how does this become a job well for me I
feel like it became a job by building in
public I did chat with Elena once only
once and like why me there are so many
good vorters I how did you pick me out
of the crowd And I think you know
obviously you know she gave me a couple
of reasons but like to translate it into
like a one concept it was like I was
building in public and sharing I as I
said I made a YouTube channel and I I
shared all the failures and all the
knowledge all the projects that I was
building. I used social media a lot like
LinkedIn was my go-to because I I just
have that type of cadence. Uh as you can
see I all my answers are very long and X
doesn't doesn't cut it for that. like
you need, you know, you need to be very
to on point to be successful at X. So,
I'm not. So, I guess, you know, it's
just like build in public, share your
knowledge, give away all the secrets,
like there are no secrets whatsoever.
Uh, if you're sitting on a good concept,
you're missing out. Let's just share it
immediately if you figure something out.
That I recognize that um very early on.
And, you know, just like I think a lot
of people participate in hackathons
these days. I want to encourage people
to do them like find those those
opportunities locally to connect with
other builders. Lovable is hiring across
the board. Check out our open positions.
It's as easy as that, right? Like just
apply. Really find companies that that
are hiring and and hiring in in
different roles. And I've seen people do
something. I'm going to give people a
secret away. A couple of hires stood up
by not sending resumes, but sending
lovable apps. They built lovable apps to
show what they're why they're good fit
for a role. And we as lovable employees
will always open an app that uses
lovable.appd domain. Always. If you send
me a DM, send me a lovable app. Don't
send me anything long. Send me an app
that tells me what what you want from me
or how do you see us collaborating and
working together. Right? So there's
people finding creative ways to get in
front of eyeballs of decision makers
like Elena. Right? And um I I mean
skill-wise, again, we're just recating
ourselves here, but I think it's
important to repeat it as many times as
possible. Really develop good judgment,
right? Really uh understand in a deeper
sense how uh how things translate when
wife Cody comes into play. Right?
There's a company out there, I'm not
going to name them, but like um that
uses Lovable religiously. It's going to
be one of our main case studies actually
where like they actually hired Vibe
Coders before lovable did. Like I'm the
first official Vibe Coding engineer at
Lovable like with that title, but I've
met people in companies where they hired
them before us. People that are just
vibe coders, people that just understand
that
speed matters, right? it still matters a
lot to be fast and like there's a
company out there with free vibe coders
full-time all they do is like
translating the old uh codebase into uh
onto lovable is bringing everything
their CRM CMS everything that all the
tool sets that they have and they need
it there are people now actively just
migrating everything everything over
there's S&P 500 companies that are like
putting lovable in in job descriptions
too like saying hey lovable skills
skills are you know um recommended in
the recommended tab, right? So, yeah, to
to to to go back to the how to become
vibe coder professionally. Well, you
don't need a company to hire you. You
can hire yourself as a professional
vibeer first. I think the reason why it
I clicked with Anton and with Elena and
with everyone else because I was already
doing it like all all I did I just
changed the the the the vehicle but I
was already doing it professionally
before I got hired. So that's kind of
the the the key like uh do the job you
you you would have done anyways.
>> What a mindexpanding conversation. I
love just how passionate and excited and
motivated you are about all this. It
feels like there's so many people out
there right now that are so burnt out. I
don't know, disillusioned, scared, and
you're the opposite of that. You're just
leaning into this, just taking
advantage, taking not sure where it's
going to go, but following the path.
>> Yeah. And I don't want to interrupt you,
but like it's it's it's because like
look, um, Lovable specifically isn't a
company. You can talk about it as a
company. I don't see it as a company.
It's a it's an idea. It's a mission.
It's it's it's something more powerful
than the internet in my mind because
like uh internet allows us to consume.
Lovable allows us to build and and in
our nature and human nature is to build
to create, right? And and the fact that
there's a tool today that you can go
into and dump an idea in and and
something comes out of it and somebody
uses it and finds it useful. To me, it's
just it's the craziest concept ever.
It's my my only life's dream. I had my
first computer when I was six and I was
convinced
my whole life that I'm going to be a
software engineer or that I'm going to
be building, but like life wasn't as
simple as that for me. like uh you it
was very very uh complicated and
honestly the last 5 to 10 years I gave
up on that dream almost I I thought I'm
never going to build anything like I've
tried I I I've tried to build with
technical co-founders like I just
couldn't find alignment I was I just
gave up on it and I now like at 36 like
30 years later I feel like again like
that that kid like I dream every day
like I it's it's amazing what this
enable us to do and I anybody that's
scared like just try it.
It switches from fear to excitement
immediately because then you see what's
possible firsthand just go in build
something build anything and the the
fear goes away. You should only be
afraid if you're doing nothing. If
you're doing absolutely nothing yes be
terrified by all means be terrified and
then take a step towards doing something
about it. And trust me, the leap is no
longer as big as it used to be. It's as
big as you come in and you just say
what's on your mind and and just ship.
>> I think a big part of this is just stop
listening to this podcast. Go just do
stuff. Would you actually try to, right?
>> Ideally, people stop right now. They've
heard enough. I gave them what I I gave
them the best that I could just stop
listening and just go.
>> All right. Bye, everyone. Okay. I'm just
joking. But let's but we we shall wrap
it up. Um, I'm gonna skip the lightning
round just to keep this episode shorter.
Before we wrap up, is there anything
else other than just go build some
stuff? Anything else you want to say?
Anything else you want to leave
listeners with? Otherwise, we'll let
we'll let you go.
>> Yeah. Uh, text tag doesn't matter
anymore, right? It doesn't matter. Like
people obsess over, oh, is this written
in HTML? Is this written in React? It
doesn't matter. Like, it never matter,
but now matters even less. the end user
just wants a stellar experience. We live
in a world where anybody can produce
good enough. So you you better start
learning how to produce magic cuz
otherwise you're just going to end up in
a crowd with millions and millions of
others. But at the same time, if you
don't know what magical looks like,
don't be discouraged to start building
anything and start start from good
enough and level up. The best way to
level up exposure time. Set aside more
time on learning than building.
Read the agent output. Learn how it's
thinking so that you know what's
possible. But then also go and get
inspired. Follow good designers on X.
Find tools where great designs are
produced and follow their creators.
There's a tool where where I'm following
just the the actual person that built it
because he he uh publishes videos almost
daily 40 50 minutes long of him
designing. I want to see how a worldass
designer does it. I want to see him talk
to the tool. I want to see him prompt
and that's how I learn to become better
at it. So again, exposure time. just
deliberately set more time aside to
learning than coding because you can
code fast but you can code garbage fast
as well as magic fast. It's the same
amount of time. It's you and your input
that matters. Forget about decisions on
tech stack. Forget about which backend
are you using, which front end are you
using. That doesn't matter. Quality,
taste, design. That's all you need to
optimize for in the future that's ahead
of us. Lazar this uh I think we're going
to leave a lot of line a lot of minds
buzzing after this conversation. You
blow my mind in so many ways. What a
fascinating topic conversation. What a
glimpse into the future. What an
interesting point in time. I'm so
curious just you know in 6 months where
things are and revisiting this
conversation. I really appreciate you
coming on sharing all of this. You're
awesome. Where can folks find you if
they want to reach out, maybe ask some
follow-up questions and how can
listeners be useful to you?
>> Awesome. Yeah. Uh so um I mentioned it
already. LinkedIn is probably the best
place uh to find me on. You know, I'm
very responsive there. Um if you want to
follow me, I hope to re-engage my
YouTube channel a little bit more. I
think I have a lot of cool tips and
tricks that I that I want to share and
teach people how to u use lovable and
and just vibe code in general and level
up and on how people can uh be useful to
me. Well, you know, I'm very passionate
about making sure that everybody
experiences what I've experienced that
day when I got my first prompt in. I
envy the person that is going to try
Lovable for the first time after
watching this episode cuz the feeling is
just unmatched of you going from a
consumer to a builder. But in that
process, there's going to be some
battles to fight. I want to reduce the
amount of those battles and hurdles. So,
if you can help me in any way, message
me. What could have been better in that
experience? Especially if this is your
you just watched this and you're like,
I'm going to do it. I was on the fence
and I'm going to do it. If something
breaks, if something doesn't connect and
relate, I need to know what that is. My
job is 100% to empower you to build the
best work of your life, right? Um and uh
you know and I need to say this too
because a lot of people may be inspired
uh not by building
or using lovable but but but rather
building lovable. Come join our team.
Again, we're hiring across so many
things. I think a lot of people should
feel inspired because I I hope that the
energy that I bring to the table will
resonate. This is how it feels working
at Lovable. This is how it feels working
with the best minds, the brightest minds
of the world. We're not number one by
accident. It's it's not a coincidence.
The best people are gathering and we we
want you to be a part of it, too. So, if
if the energy and the conversation
resonates with you or if you heard a
about a problem today and you you're
like, man, I I think I can solve it,
come join us. Help us build and shape
the future of software development.
>> Incredible. And uh what's the site? I
imagine it's just a link on Lovable's
website to find the the open rolls.
We'll link folks there.
>> Yeah.
>> Incredible. Lazar, thank you so much for
being here.
>> I appreciate the opportunity.
>> Bye, everyone.
Thank you so much for listening. If you
found this valuable, you can subscribe
to the show on Apple Podcasts, Spotify,
or your favorite podcast app. Also,
please consider giving us a rating or
leaving a review as that really helps
other listeners find the podcast. You
can find all past episodes or learn more
about the show at lenny'spodcast.com.
See you in the next episode.